Building REST APIs for your projects
come with a lot of overhead. Test suites
are great for alleviating these pains,
but by doing this, you'll just get
subpar results. So, here's a better
prompt that you can use that will make
developing your app much faster by
yourself and with the AI. In this
prompt, we get specific what we are
looking for. Unit test and security
tests. This will generate tests that you
can run with a simple command after
you're ready to commit changes or
deploy. But more importantly, you can
add this command to your rules file. So,
Warp will use these tests as a source of
truth to determine if the code written
by it is worth implementing.